Alright! In this video, we are going to go
ahead and implement the layout on the
owners page, the list page. And I'm not
sure if the Spring guys has actually
implemented this page but we'll use it
to go forward. And If I come here to our
pet clinic, if I go to source main
resources templates. And We can see under
owners,
yeah, they actually do have an owner's
list. We're just going to go ahead
and take that template here. And again
this is that common layout, so we're
applying the common layout to that.
Let's go ahead and come back over here
to IntelliJ. Close down the messages
and fragments. We are working with
owners. Up here, let's go ahead and
add that, like so. So now, that's going to
tell Thymeleaf to apply that layout
template, that common layout template
that we're going to be using. Let's come
back over here and take a look at this.
They are using h2 for owners. Let's
go ahead and we'll make this h2.
This time, they did not implement a
common message property there. You can
see that we could implement that if we
wanted to. I'm not going say that's wrong.
Table ID of vets.
That looks like a typo. It looks like
somebody did a cut-and-paste there.
We'll let the Spring guys get away
with that one but we do want to steal
this class assignment, table and table
striped, those are bootstrap CSS classes,
so we'll go ahead and apply those. You can
see that goes to the table tag.
Let's see here. We're doing table head, table
row, and there's a some styling.
I'll follow their styling here. I'm
not a big fan of inline styles like that
but we'll go ahead and do what they are
doing there from the Spring guys.
We'll copy this. Okay, we don't have.
They're down is a little bit
different, so we'll have that as a
upcoming to do so. Let's make these. I'm
just going to implement these like that.
For right now, we might apply some
styling changes coming up.
Let's see here.
You can see here, we're building a
link. I will get into that in a different
video. Right now, I'm just looking at
applying the styling. We do have some
address properties, which we do not have.
We have not implemented so we'll go
ahead and plan on doing those. Then
you can also see here, we have not built
up that pet relationship. We do have
more work to do on this page for right
now, but I want to make sure I'm applying
the standard template, so let's go ahead.
I want to see if this works. If I
build the project.
You can see that Spring is restarting
because we did change that template so
the dev tools are installed and working.
Let's come back over here.
Now, we can see that we have a list
of owners, Fiona and Michael. You can
see how this is formatted nicely. We did
pick up all the styling so that tells us
that it's working. That was the
objective of this issue was to get the
master layout working to the owners list
and obviously we do have more that we
want to be doing here. We'll evolve
that in upcoming videos, but right now,
I'm just going through the different
pages that we have in applying those
styles. I'm going to go ahead and
commit this. That was number 20.
I'll close that and push that up to
GitHub, and that is pushed.